# DTR Memo
# Project: Little Shop
## Group Member Names: Deb, Kris, Mark
* What does each group member hope to get out of the project? What are your goals and expectations for the project?
  * D: I want to work on TDD, confidence, and MVC concepts.
  * K: I would like to see how the templates work. And I need to work on TDD and rogue testing based on the server and web browser.
  * M: I want to work on sessions, authentication, and authorization.


* When are group members available to work together? What hours can each group member work individually? Are there any personal time commitments that need to be discussed?
  * D: I don’t really have any, wednesdays at 4. Lightning talk this week.
  * K: No, Mentor meetings friday after school, Lightning talk this week.
  * M: Saturday afternoon. Would want to front load it if we can. Don’t want to work all hours of the night


* How will group members communicate? How often will communication happen, and how will open lines of communication be maintained?
  * D: Open to anything, in person, slack, screenhero, 3 people.
  * K: Ditto
  * M: Ditto


* What is each group member’s self-identified strength(s) technically? What does each group member want to improve on technically? How can the team assist with these improvements?
  * D:I want to improve on TDD, to do well on the final assessment. Im pretty good at understanding styling stuff. Implementing has been a little weird. I don’t feel strong technically
  * K: I under stand basic crud, but what happens when its nested and connected. What the pet stores pets means? When to pluralize. Nesting routes.
  * M: I feel like workflow. I feel like I pick concepts up quickly. I jump down rabbit holes fairly often, so just pull me back out.


* Which feature(s) does each group member want to work on? Which feature(s) does each group member not want to work on?
  * D: want - faker gem, mvc
  * K: want - styling stuff
  * M: want - i dont care, i’ll fill in the gaps where i have to.


* What is the agreed upon Git workflow? What project management tool will be used? What is the agreed upon procedure for conducting code reviews before merging into master: who will review pull requests, and when?
  * D: don’t do you own pull requests, help each other play that role, mixed about waffle thing, nice to have, but someone needs to take the lead, planning meeting and start in waffle for features
  * K: build steps as we go
  * M: don’t merge your own pull requests, merge locally before you merge on github. Fix merge conflicts locally. Master is always deployable (all tests passing)


* What is expected of group members when they run into problems implementing a feature?
  * D: talk to each other. Seek outside help if something is really tough. Verify stuff about the project with instructor.
  * K: sounds good
  * M: yeah, just talk to each other. The googlemachine and ask instructors.


* How does each group member want feedback (both positive and constructive) to be delivered?
  * D: just be up front. Slack or side conversation. Transparency is a pretty big deal.
  * K: up front, honest, kind
  * M: just tell me to my face.


* Is there anything else the group should know about personal work/communication styles?
  * D: sometimes i’ll get quiet and shut down, confidence
  * K: i say sorry too much.
  * M: i’m in my head a lot. I sometimes like to just power through things and may sacrifice learning along the way.
